Specifically, you see the first model of this course, Linear Regression Model. That just means fitting a straight line to your data. It's probably the most widely used learning algorithm in the world today. As you get familiar with linear regression, many of the concepts you see here will also apply to other machine learning models that you'll see later in this specialization. Let's start with a problem that you can address using linear regression. Say you want to predict the price of a house based on the size of the house. This is the example we've seen earlier this week. We're going to use a dataset on house sizes and prices from Portland, a city in the United States. Here we have a graph where the horizontal axis is the size of the house in square feet, and the vertical axis is the price of a house in thousands of dollars. Let's go ahead and plot the data points for various houses in the dataset. Here each data point, each of these little crosses is a house with the size and the price that it most recently was sold for. Now, let's say you're a real estate agent in Portland and you're helping a client to sell her house. She is asking you, how much do you think I can get for this house? This dataset might help you estimate the price she could get for it. You start by measuring the size of the house, and it turns out that the house is 1250 square feet. How much do you think this house could sell for? One thing you could do this, you can build a linear regression model from this dataset. Your model will fit a straight line to the data, which might look like this. Based on this straight line fit to the data, you can see that the house is 1250 square feet, it will intersect the best fit line over here, and if you trace that to the vertical axis on the left, you can see the price is maybe around here, say about $220,000. This is an example of what's called a supervised learning model. We call this supervised learning because you are first training a model by giving a data that has right answers because you get the model examples of houses with both the size of the house, as well as the price that the model should predict for each house. Well, here are the prices, that is, the right answers are given for every house in the dataset. This linear regression model is a particular type of supervised learning model. It's called regression model because it predicts numbers as the output like prices in dollars. Any supervised learning model that predicts a number such as 220,000 or 1.5 or negative 33.2 is addressing what's called a regression problem. 